ACM-7909: add a note about uniqueness of hosted cluster names (#5617)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/managing_hosted_aws.adoc

[#hosted-control-planes-manage-aws]
= Managing hosted control plane clusters on AWS (Technology Preview)

> You can use the hcp command line interface to create a {ocp} hosted cluster. The hosted cluster is automatically imported as a managed cluster. If you wish to disable this automatic import feature, refer to https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/2.9_stage/clusters/hosted_control_planes/hosted_disable_auto_import.adoc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the hosted control plane command line interface (`hcp`) to create an {ocp-short} hosted cluster. The hosted cluster is automatically imported as a managed cluster. If you want to disable this automatic import feature, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/hosted_disable_auto_import.adoc#hosted-disable-auto-import[Disabling the automatic import of hosted clusters into {mce-short}].
```

> Note: Each hosted cluster must have a unique name in order of {mce-short} to manage it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note:* Each hosted cluster must have a unique name in order for {mce-short} to manage it.
```
